what are some of the first things you
would suggest someone to do who maybe
they've just graduated or maybe they're
like I don't even know if I want to go
to college but I know I want to be an
entrepreneur
Rock Johnson you went to college to
study business originally eventually you
switch majors and graduated with a
degree that really didn't relate to
business however shortly after college
and actually during college you did a
lot of things that I think prepared you
to be the success you are today in
business my question for you is can you
share those with us like what are some
of the first things you would suggest
someone to do who maybe they've just
graduated or maybe they're like I don't
even know if I want to go to college but
I know I want to be an entrepreneur yeah
I think one of the best things that
college can provide even if your degree
isn't necessarily exactly going to
translate into your future
entrepreneurship or business is just the
ability to connect with people and
network and meet people and so I think
that even before you graduate college
that's probably what I would focus on
the most is more than you and your
academics or the grades you're getting
is connecting with people not just your
professors but the other people at your
universe City the other students
classmates people within your community
around the university oftentimes those
people are going to really want to pour
into you and give you so much practical
Real World Knowledge because you're you
know maybe a fellow alumni or you're a
student and they're an alumni and so
they want to help you out so the most
important thing I would recommend while
you're there is to just really focus on
networking when you say networking I
think a lot of people feel like they
have to look for a certain person who's
got connections that they could really
help them out but when what you've just
described is like just really connect
with everyone because you just never
know yeah yeah connect with people it
doesn't matter your goal shouldn't be to
connect with the chancellor and like
have one-on-one interviews with the dean
and and meet like the biggest CEO who
came out of your University instead just
connect with students from different
backgrounds from different countries and
those relationships even if they're not
necessarily directly giving you a tip
that's going to help you make more money
you're going to learn so much and become
such a more well-rounded entrepreneur
because ultimately what you're doing as
an entrepreneur is solving problems
getting people building relationships
and connections and so if you can do
that on a non-business level just person
to person you're gonna be able to do it
a lot better as a business owner too
other than yourself I think about your
best friend Darius he's one of the best
networked con like when we would go and
visit you at Davis
and we're if we're walking with Darius
everywhere we went people were like hey
Darius like all ages men women kids
so what was Darius doing that he was so
well connected taking the time to just
go out of his way to meet people and
talk to people and everyone's kind of
like shine in their own bubble but
people love when they're asked questions
about themselves and when they feel like
they're important it's what Darius would
do he does a really good job of this is
making them feel important shaking their
hand looking them in the eye remembering
their name which is a skill that's super
uh valuable in business and yet it takes
a long time to like learn and really
Master the skill of like just
remembering someone's name not until
they've met you or after you've met them
and so he does a really good job with
that just making the person feel
important starting to understand their
story their background and there's so
much that you can learn from anyone
whether it's the dean or the janitor
sweeping the Halls like there's so many
valuable lessons in their stories so he
would just go out of his way to
introduce himself hi I'm Darius
Livingston and get to chat with them and
asking them about themselves so that
they feel important I know she's really
good at the follow-up too you like after
I met him through you obviously we
exchanged phone numbers and like he
followed me on social media and he was
always like reaching out following up
like when I had a surgery he was like
one of the first people like I hope
you're healing well like I'm like my own
friends haven't even done this like you
know what I mean then when someone is
like that you just you want to see them
succeed you know
yeah and then that lends itself to then
further opportunities he's had so many
people offer him to you know come to
this Camp go on this trip speak at this
conference come to this event Be Our
Guest at this certain thing I can't even
name how or count how many different
events him and I were invited to when we
were at Davis and he was invited to
dozens and dozens more because these
people then they remember your name and
they remember the impact that you had on
them and so then you're gonna get those
extra invitations you're gonna be at the
top of their mind when they're thinking
of well who could I reach out to for
this who could I hire for this who could
I possibly bring in for this and so it's
just that one initial conversation that
can then Force piggyback into so many
more I mean you always hear the advice
get a mentor and I get emails sometimes
or direct messages and people are like
will you Mentor me and I'm like that's
just not how it works but like I think
of for example Sean Cannell is someone
who you would consider a mentor I'm sure
have you ever paid for a mentorship with
him like why is it you consider him him
a mentor of yours yeah I think this is a
great question I totally agree I get
those emails too will you be my mentor I
don't really know what that would even
mean what that would look like it's not
like I'm a blacksmith and you're going
to be my Apprentice like banging iron
and I'm going to teach you how to like
mold this bowl or whatever
um bowls aren't made of iron
anyways
um like I don't know what that would
even look so really what it looks like I
feel like in today's day and age why I
would call Sean Cannell like a mentor of
mine is first and foremost there is so
much free content that you can use for
self-education like I love that quote of
you know you're the average of The Five
People You spend the most time with and
I think that's true but I think one way
that you can hack that in today's day
and age is it doesn't have to be the
five people who live in your town who
you go to coffee with and go out to
dinner with it can also be the five
experts who you listen to the most on
podcast and you read all their books or
you watch other YouTube videos you
consume everything they create like you
study them yeah exactly and in this day
and age we're like we have the build
your tribe show putting out two episodes
a week that's hours and hours and hours
of content you can learn so much from
that for free like we don't even have to
get into what I'm sure we'll talk about
in a minute like paid courses and
actually like paid coaching just free
mentorship from YouTube and podcasts and
other content online is plenty enough to
feel like a mentee or feel like someone
is your mentor and learn so much from
them I think we have to update the way
we view that word that term like when I
was growing up the only way you were
going to learn from someone who was
doing what you wanted to do is if you
lived in the same city and somehow got
like an internship working with them to
study them and even then you probably
still wouldn't get all of the inside
tips and know how that you wanted to
that today is readily available to you
like you said either by being paying for
their books or or just studying them
specifically what it is that they've
done that you want to do
and when people are in college or have
just graduated or maybe you've got a lot
of or maybe you're working for somebody
full-time and you you know you want to
start a business right and you just
don't have the extra funds for that what
are some of the things you did and still
do on a budget to educate yourself yeah
absolutely besides just the free things
that we've already talked about and if
you don't have the budget to invest into
a course or coaching which I'm just
coaching with some of these mentors and
high level people is extremely exclusive
and extremely expensive one of the pro
hacks is starting a podcast oh good one
any of these experts and creators and
authors they want to be on podcasts they
want publicity and while they might not
you know want to do a collaboration post
for example with an Instagram account
with 500 followers they'll want to be on
a podcast with 500 lists they might even
and not not always not every single time
you know but it's amazing how oftentimes
entrepreneurs or creators are these
people who you might look up to as a
mentor they want to be on the podcast
because it's just an opportunity for
them to share their story to share their
knowledge to potentially reach more
people usually podcasts are relatively
easy like when we're thinking of the
scale of content creation they ask kind
of you know flip on their camera and
turn on their microphone and so that's a
pro tip for people is you know think
about starting a podcast in your
industry let's say you want to learn a
lot about Ai and you want to start an AI
company but you are kind of new to the
space and you didn't really study in
college
start an AI broadcast and instead of you
being the expert just invite a bunch of
other AI experts onto the show and then
you pick their brain it's basically like
you get a coaching session out of it
you're the one asking the question but
it's guised or disguised as hey we're
just inviting you on the podcast to
share your knowledge with my community I
think that's a great tip I think today
because so many podcasters are on you
know YouTube it's one thing to connect
with people via Zoom right you just get
the audio connection sometimes that's
all you're going to be able to manage
but if you were to tell that that expert
that person who you want you want to
pick their brain If you send them an
email and say like hey I want to take
you out to lunch and pick your brain
they're like I ain't got time for that
they want to reach the masses anyone
who's that successful they want to reach
the master so make it a traveling
podcast like if you meet someone in
person it's just that much more of a
connection versus just a zoom yeah I
absolutely agree and I think another
free option for learning from a mentor
becoming a mentee is reaching up to them
kind of like we were talking about
earlier as an apprentice but more so you
know I would like to work for you I
would like to you know come to your join
your company join your team and offer my
services I would recommend offering
something specifically that you can do a
great I've gotten these emails where
it's like I can do everything I'd love
to work for you you know give me any
project or task and say now you're
putting all the work on me as the mentor
to come up with your task when instead
you're like hey I have a great
background in this or a big interest in
SEO or a background knowledge in website
design and I would love to work with
your team for free I'd love to work with
your team as an intern just for the
experience of getting to connect with
you and your company yep and that's a
great way to provide some value to the
mentor so that they're getting something
out of it but then also you get so much
out of it because you're learning you're
working under them you're communicating
with them or at least their team you're
learning about like kind of you're
infiltrating their their team or their
business get to see what goes on behind
those doors that's another really great
way to learn so you know you want to
start a business when is it time how do
you know like do you need a business
plan yeah no there's no magic time
there's no perfect place to start and if
I can give you advice it would be to to
just start pick something because you're
going to learn way more from doing than
you are from listening to a mentor or
having these podcast interviews like
it's a great opportunity to network when
you're in college there's so much that
you can learn But ultimately you're
going to learn the most from doing and
so I don't think that you should try to
find like your ultimate passion I don't
think you should try to find the thing
you're going to be doing for the next 60
agreed I think you should instead just
start something start something you're
interested in and then maybe 30 days
from now you'll change maybe a year from
now you'll change maybe this will be the
thing that will last you for the rest of
your life but more than likely it's not
more than likely this is going to be the
first step in your entrepreneurial
Journey like myself my first business
was helping moms keep their teens safe
on Snapchat I have no interest in and
Parental Guidance controls I have no
interest I don't even use Snapchat
anymore that original course is not for
sale but from that I learned so much and
so much of that was involved in my Pivot
into where my business is today and so
just get started like just just don't be
scared to fail don't be scared to pick
the wrong thing because you can always
change no one is going to you know when
you're 60 look back at hey remember that
business you started when you were 23
what a failure that was and if they do
then it's a funny thing to laugh about
because that's the business that led to
the next business that led to the next
business that eventually led to the
successful business but you have to just
get started yeah
this is a perfect time for a Shameless
plug for the online income quick start
because we we literally recognized that
so many people when they buy courses
when they invest in these kinds of like
you know after College learning programs
that they they think they have to get it
all done and then have a business plan
and there's going to be this perfect
time and because of that that then they
launch something that's so big that
they make so many mistakes that's an
expensive experiment so we created a
course called the online income quick
start that helps you pick the easiest
fastest way to like quickly make money
just to give you a w because that gives
people momentum and it gives you Insight
so you're like okay this isn't I'm not
gonna you know be flipping used kitchen
appliances to make my living but it gave
me some ideas of what I could sell
online it gave me some experience of
setting up my own payment processing and
it gives people experience and it gives
people a w like it's a way with zero
money to start up to start making money
and I I personally think people need to
spend less time learning and more time
just doing
and that's something you did right away
you're like you know it's probably not
going to be the thing forever it's not
going to be like the big money maker but
I I just have to start and I gotta
figure it out and that's what we would
encourage all of you to do it is so
important that you just take action long
before you feel like you're ready
so we want to say thank you so much for
tuning in to this edition of build your
tribe it's fun when we get to do one
together again we're we're just happy
for you to listen on whatever podcasting
app is convenient for you whether that's
YouTube or Spotify Apple podcast or
Stitcher or wherever you prefer to
listen we appreciate you if you are
watching on YouTube don't forget to
subscribe and hit that thumbs up and no
matter where you're watching don't
forget to subscribe so that you can get
these new episodes whenever they come
out because we do release two every
single week we always pin a comment at
the top of the YouTube video too so even
if you did listen on another app we'd
love for you to head over to YouTube now
and respond to the quest it's almost
like a poll so this is how we can take a
pulse and we share this information with
our audience it's also how we can bring
on great guests for you we've really
been trying to spend a lot more time
figuring out who can help our audience
the most so drop your suggestions for us
Below in the comments and as always
thank you for being here we'll see you
soon
[Music]
thank you